README.md, before:

# Flexie Grid System

Flexie is an easy to use function and mixin library for flexbox layouts. Flexie
also comes with a predefined grid system.

## How To Use Flexie

Drop Flexie into your project and use the grid system or mixins provided!

### Notes

Flexie is still in it's infancy and not ready for production use. Please use with
caution. Since Flexie is still under development API changes may occur.

#### License

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2014 Azin Asili

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

updated README with relevant info

README.md, after:

# Flexie

Flexie is an easy to use Sass function and mixin library for flexbox. Flexie is designed to be simple out of the box solution for modern web layouts. The library does not include any browser prefixed CSS by default. Flexie also includes a basic predefined 10 column grid system to quickly make layouts

## How To Use Flexie

1. Include the necessary files into your Sass project
2. Import flexie at the beginning of your stylesheet
   
	```scss
	@import 'flexie-settings';
	@import 'flexie-functions';
	@import 'flexie-mixins';
	```
	
	Note: order does matter
3. Import `flexie-grid.scss` if using predefined grid

### Documentation

Flexie uses [SassDoc](https://github.com/SassDoc/sassdoc) to document function and mixin uses. Please refer to the generated Sassdoc html for further documentation. 


#### License

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2014 Azin Asili

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
